The icy winds of Icewind Dale howl through the abandoned settlement of Dougan's Hole.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
You see strange blue lights dancing in the distance, and the temperature drops even further.
[AUDIO OUT]
Roll a Constitution saving throw to resist the supernatural cold.
The mysterious figure in the black robes turns to face your party.
"You should not have come here," the figure says in a voice like cracking ice.
The ground beneath your feet begins to freeze, and ice crystals form in the air around you.
As you approach the ancient ruins, you notice strange symbols carved into the ice.
Sudenly, a pack of winter wolves emerges from behind the frozen structures.
The alpha wolf's eyes glow with an unnatural blue light as it snarls at your party.
Roll for initiative! The battle for survival in the frozen wasteland begins now.
The temperature continues to drop, and you can see your breath forming ice crystals.
In the distance, you hear the haunting sound of wind chimes made of bone and ice.
The mysterious figure raises a staff topped with a glowing blue crystal.
"The eternal winter has only just begun," the figure cackles with malevolent glee.
Make a Wisdom saving throw as the figure attempts to freeze your very souls.